feat(containers): details on port variable (#3794)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/containers/reference-content/containers-limitations.mdx

  * 9090
  * 9091
* Reserved environment variables:

>   * `PORT`: Value of the port definied in Container settings which the container has to listen to. You can use this environment variable inside your Container for easier deployments to define.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `PORT`: Value of the port defined in Container settings, which the container has to listen on. You can use this environment variable inside your Container for easier deployments.
```
